documents/management/weekly_Reports/weekly_reports4.md, before:

# Weekly Report Project: "Quickest Path". 
# Week 4 (27th of January to 31st of January).

## Overview

### Algorithm 

Our Algorithm is currently finding the different path at a maximum of 3 seconds, we are coming even closer to reach the under 1 second criteria imposed by the call for tender.

### Test plan

The test plan has been finished and tests are currently running by following it.

### User manual

The user Manual has been completed, including English and French.

## Project Planning and management

### KPI'S management 

| KPI's                    | Progress |
| ------------------------ | -------- |
| Research                 | 100%     |
| Functional specification | 100%     |
| Technical specification  | 100%     |
| Test Plan                | 100%     |
| Data Validation Tool     | 100%     |
| User manual              | 100%     |
| Pre-procession           | 100%     |
| Algorithm development    | 80%     |
| REST API development     | 80%      |
| Weekly Reports           | 80%      |


### Project post-mortem

A project post-mortem template has been created and shall be filled by the end of the project.

Commit message:

Finish management and update readme

documents/management/weekly_Reports/weekly_reports4.md, after:

# Weekly Report Project: "Quickest Path". 
# Week 4 (27th of January to 31st of January).

## Overview

### Algorithm 

Our Algorithm is currently finding the different path at a maximum of 3 seconds, we are coming even closer to reach the under 1 second criteria imposed by the call for tender.

### Test plan

The test plan has been finished and tests are currently running by following it.

### User manual

The user Manual has been completed, including English and French.

## Project Planning and management

### KPI'S management 

| KPI's                    | Progress |
| ------------------------ | -------- |
| Research                 | 100%     |
| Functional specification | 100%     |
| Technical specification  | 100%     |
| Test Plan                | 100%     |
| Data Validation Tool     | 100%     |
| User manual              | 100%     |
| Pre-procession           | 100%     |
| Algorithm development    | 80%      |
| REST API development     | 80%      |
| Weekly Reports           | 80%      |


### Project post-mortem

A project post-mortem template has been created and shall be filled by the end of the project.

## Objectives for next week

Finish the Algorithm once and for all.
